these are the ones who were supposed to
help others but these Medics are now
some of the latest victims of Israel's
war on
Gaza after a night of heavy bombardment
the injured were brought to the alifa
hospital by any means
available some of their colleagues
enable to hold back their
tears the situation is catastrophic for
the last seven days we have a continuous
flow of severely wounded patient the
hospital beds were expanded many times
though it's fully backed now in the last
hour if I'm talking about the last hour
we received around 60 severely wounded
patient means one patient per minute
across Gaza the number of dead and
injured is
rising inside the house we found bodies
bodies of children who had nothing to do
with the war they were safe in their
houses
nothing seems untouched even donkeys are
not spared in this densely populated
strip of
land and there is nowhere for
Palestinians to go some continue to
gather at the Rafa Crossing with Egypt
desperate for a way out but those who
are waiting can only pray diplomatic
efforts are underway to get Aid into
Gaza where essential supplies services
are being
denied water is scarse and these men say
they are taking Desperate
Measures now we're filling in salt water
and ready to drink from the salt water
what else can we do we're forced to do
this and thank God the attacks are
Relentless and now they wait for the
next wave but parts of the strip are
already nothing more than smoldering
Rubble y Al jazer Kan in the
G